docs: fix incorrect glossary entry (#53609)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/glossary.md

The Angular just-in-time \(JIT\) compiler converts your Angular HTML and TypeScript code into efficient JavaScript code at run time, as part of bootstrapping.

> JIT compilation is the default \(as opposed to AOT compilation\) when you run the `ng serve` Angular CLI command, and is a good choice during development.

Reviewer: This is false for both actually. 
Angular uses the AOT compilation unless you specify `aot:false`.

Author: ```suggestion
JIT was the default compilation mode until Angular 8 (see [Choosing a compiler](https://angular.io/guide/aot-compiler#choosing-a-compiler) to learn more).
```

Author: @JeanMeche Thanks for the correction, I didn't know about this change.
